hey whats up guys you been hunted and
I'm with each bouquet just again his a
bitch ass I was going on guys later EK
does it yeah um I just want to start off
asking Justin do you want to go practice
your claim we're planting with me haha
that's a good idea is a good idea give
it get that sitrep pro just sign on man
we better we don't get caught we already
caught recording this but uh you guys
are no we're talking about I'll put a
link in the description I guess see you
guys can watch a video oh man it's his
idea guys don't blame me our two
favorite but not two favorite people I
don't even know not even subscribe to
either of him but um you guys probably
know the sexy Swedish guy the Moody
sweet and no I'm not talking about tape
but um him and who wasn't small beans or
something like that yeah these guys uh
got court um boosting in a free fall but
they wasn't boosting foot kills we give
him that much it was boosting per ticket
you know get that challenge out the way
so I guess they could get syd web poll
get the challenge or whatever yeah and
they get court you know about this guy
who you know everybody has a fucking
capture card now so this guy captain I
guess insensitive fisticuffs and now
they're getting flame on both on their
channels and people unsubscribing so you
know how YouTube this is always
something yeah I don't have anything
against fisticuffs for why would he
choose fisticuffs of all people to get
the video tape because fisticuffs don't
give a fuck he's like you know what fuck
these guys I'm a boy I wish out these
guys out he's like the fucking Patriot
of YouTube with something I don't
fucking know he shoulda gave it to like
sheen inertia yes seen analytic oh hi
guys i don't know about this and you
know what i'm gonna go back to with
hutchins mr. sock and go play and go
walk down the street in fall and stuff
like that i don't think that's so even
if i could did I think she ninish is
high at the time but uh
so uh I I don't really know drop my I
think blood um I don't really know why
people were making such a big deal out
of it I mean I like I know it's boosting
and stuff but I'm sure everyone's done
it at least once and then they're not
even affecting the game there's
practicing their claim we're planting
all right well that was about yeah I
have no idea um I guess I think in the
video it says that they they don't have
they don't like the game so much to try
to do it the legit way um so they just
wanted to get it out the way I mean
honestly it's not affect that kind of
boosting is not hurting anybody but you
know how the community is they don't
like anything like that all together I
don't boots so I don't do anything i
just started oval to Commander Syria
because I just got on the Xbox myself
yeah I'm just you know you're leveling
up the regular way so it's annoying but
at the same time it's like we're
whatever what is your approach to do
anyway just allow you to like sniff your
balls by standing straight up I think it
allows you I don't have it but I think
it allows you to UM hear their footsteps
even louder Oh lecture here they tap the
SAT score assertions and shit like that
but it lets you uh she like shit and
read here's what ever let shit right I
think we should show these guys that
we're going to try to make this a weekly
thing a pretty cool you know weekly
conversation I know you guys are happy
that you've been hunting its bounty
putting out another video yeah like I
even had a person comment that yes sir
they were like how come you got your PVR
and then you even put out any videos at
awesome oh that it's like as soon as you
got it like you know what about this but
I was like I was like yeah I got it now
we're gone now to be for you you know
you have been busy you've been telling
me and stuff you got finals and all this
stuff so now you is summer vacation you
have time to do stuff and you know
you're actually on skype cuz this guy's
never once type he's never online oh
sure creepers been cooking me Brandis
and stuff like whatever so but now I
guess he's going to try to be more
active
I don't for you guys but I'll be
proactive you get on the plane monowave
it to elyse elyse once a week whatever i
could have any join them I don't know
like I have here I've been playing on
some world at war lately oh and well
that game is amazing like I love that
game it pisses me off so much because it
doesn't have host migration like I'll go
into a Search and Destroy and I've had
it like three times in the past week
where I've gone like 8 or 9 and 0 and
the person just leaves in the game ends
it pisses me off same thing with cod 4
so I'm hoping that they bring back his
migration another one if they don't look
like fucking shit on dropper full night
asking well you're like asking for the
delicate so there's a lot of people that
would disagree with you you know that
right because a lot of people say host
migration really fucks things up please
I guess if you're gonna do host
migration I guess tweak it and you know
make it work the proper way because I
can't count the number of times I've
played and then it will go to the host
migration the stupid game will pick
people somebody with the worst
connection yeah pics it like picks the
same person if you get someone's a lag
switch though if they're smart about it
as soon as it goes there's migration
they pull it out and they get host again
and they just keep doing it over and
over yeah is ridiculous they should make
it so like if if you get peyton you have
a terrible host it's just like send xbox
send you an automatic message says sorry
you're too stupid to host and then they
keep it from you if only that we could
have dedicated servers but that's like
asking if there's a really a Santa Claus
well it's not there's going to be
dedicated servers in black ops are you
sure are does not know there was a there
was there was a video that uh what's his
name um god I can't remember the guy who
camps and he was just to go interview
with them but he had like school or
something he couldn't get out of it so
some of his like some of his friends
went from the company was with or
something and the manager like the
community manager I don't know his name
for treyarch put up he had a shirt and
he like he like a shirt underneath the
shirt he took his went off and said
dedicated servers I cried
re nah it's pretty cool oh my god this
go now and honestly do I'm not gonna lie
like this that that's gonna solve so
many freakin problems man yeah okay well
the game's over alright guys I hope you
guys enjoyed our little duel commentary
a weekly commentary or whatever you want
to call it what are you even smoking man
i have my cone fall and i have a comment
or e this game I'm all those goods but
at the VA something to drink diet what
so on what's today Friday I guess we can
do one every friday or whenever I feel
like it once a week probably you talk
about something's going on and all that
crap this week it was my gameplay it'll
probably us next time so uh peace later
guys